So this one is a tough question to deal with emotionally from it from
an emotional standpoint. But here you have to think about you know,
things logically, like you're not all. You may not always be there for
your family. You were in your war fighter and, you know, war, state
place and things do happen. Also, training accidents do happen, and
not as frequently as they used to. But, you know, things happen where
sometimes sailors don't come home. So you have to play for for
the worst, you have to always hope for the best, but plan for the worst,
and that being you not come home. So, um, another tidbit for me
is to invest in additional life insurance early, early you are, Which
kind of correlates to you being in better shape. The younger you
are, the lower that you'll pay monthly for additional life insurance.
So, of course, the, uh, what's provided for us is I think it's almost
30 bucks. Monthly is the SDO lie, which gives us $400,000 or gives
your family $400,000 of life insurance and event. Something happens
to you while you're out service But banks like Navy, Federal and
USA have life insurance, additional life insurance policies, which are
term life insurance policy and whole life insurance policies. Where
in the event something happens to you while you're active duty, you
can receive up to an additional. Um, I guess, you know, somewhere
along the lines of, like, 1/2 a $1,000,000 for, uh, for your family
and event, something happens for you to you, Um, with these policies,
especially on the USA, because I have two additional with us A a
term in the whole life. Uh, what happens is I pay them monthly premium
for both life insurance policies. And in the event, something happens
to me. My beneficiaries will receive, you know, lump sums of money
in addition to the Stu alive. Now, you might ask the question. What
happens if I retirement? We're not retired. Do I lose the SD alive?
Well, yes, you do. But when you retire with your own life insurance
policies, especially through a U. S. A. That money, the money's
that you have through this year, lie will roll over and to some of these
policies that you get through your say so you, don't you lose that
$400,000? So that's something. Another thing for you to think about
as a say, a husband or father.